 - INFANTRY - 
Heavy Cannon Infantry - Multi-purpose 
Grenade Launcher Infantry - Effective against groups
EMP Infantry - Charging cannon thing that disables a shield if it hits. Little damage to other things.
Engineer - Spawns tiny machine gun, rocket, and laser mini turrets. No direct damage.
Construction Worker - Spawns sturdy two-slot bunkers.
Decoy Infantry - Launches flares that distract point defenses

 - VEHICLES -
Drone - Small, fast, hard to hit, harrasser
Point Defense - Shoots down select projectiles, largely missles.


 - AIRCRAFT - 
Napalm Jet - Fires napalm-spreading missles 
Bomber - Flies somewhat slowly over an area and bombs it, heavy area damage
Gunship - Circles targets and unloads fury and hellfire, massive health
Helicarrier - OMEGA, equipped with numerious smaller weapons and launches mini fighter jets.
Troop Carrier - Garrisons nearby infantry on spawn, infantry parachutes out on death.

 - STRUCTURES -
Actual model for refinary
Mine layer - Launches mines forwards.
Coil Lab - Chance to replace some T1 units projectile with coil projectiles, granting 2x to 4x damage and hitscan.
Personal Shield Warehouse - Chance to equip units with a small personal shield generator on spawn.
Engineering Bay - Chance to equip Mastadon-class units with a repair turret on spawn.
Power Plant - Increases production speed of nearby factories
War Factory - Chance on spawn for IFV-class units to spawn with a TOW launcher
Forge - Chance for MBT-class units to spawn with individually destructable armor panels
Engineers Lodge - Chance to equip engineers, construction workers, and repair infantry with a shoulder mounted gun
Optics Facility - Chance to equip heavy helicopters, maybe jets with point defense.
Armory - Chance for infantry to spawn with damage-reducing or destructable body armor.
Autoshop - Chance for jeep-class units to spawn with anti-infantry/structure mortars.
Nuclear Silo - OMEGA, Starts a 10 minute countdown, hitting zero launches a nuke that destroyes the nearest fortress. Can be shot down by excessive point defense.

 - Defense - 
Void Cannon - OMEGA, charges up and unleashes a sustained blast of all-consuming void energy. Custom shaders :D
Stationary Point Defence - Same as point defense vehicle but like stationary.
Drone Bay - Sends out swarms of Boid drones for defense, replaces current boids.
Blaster - Fires a burning shockwave of energy, dealing wide area damage.
Flak - High-damage, high-elevation only alternative to SAM Site, more effective against jets, bombers
Bunker - Garrison nearby infantry on place, infantry redeployed when destroyed.