The "Commando" faction is a unique faction that only ever has *one* unit on the map at once. This unit is the Commando.
	The commando is a single infantry unit that starts out with basic assault rifle.
	Rather than Infantry/Vehicles/Aircraft/Structures, the Commando faction has Stats/Weapons/Minions/Structures 
		"Stats" are structures that increase base stats such as health, speed, armor, damage, whatever
		"Weapons" grant new weapons to the Commando, and the Commando automatically equips the best weapon for the given circumstance.
		"Minions" grant the commando minions such as drones or turrets. Minions engage enemy units independantly from the commando.
		"Structures" grant usual upgrades.

The idea is to essentially have a faction that is a player character in something like Risk of Rain. Yes this is inspired by Risk of Rain lol.

 - STATS -
Personal Gym - Increases base health.
First-Aid Tent - Increases health regen.
Shooting Range - Increases weapon accuracy.
Running Track - Increases movement speed.
Glasses Shop - Increases weapon range.
Energy Drink Dispensery - Increases weapon firerate.
Barrier Stash - Adds shield / Increase shield health.

 - WEAPONS -
Battle Rifle - Pretty much upgrade to assault rifle.
Scout Rifle - Increases range by 50%, slow firerate but high damage.
Light Machine Gun - Upgrade to battle rifle, has AP ammo.
Rocket Launcher - Does rocket damage.
Recoilless Rifle - Does cannon damage.
Plasma Rifle - Does heavy damage.

 - MINIONS -
Gunner Drone - Adds a gunner drone from RoR2 lol
Missile Drone - 'bout same.
Laser Drone - Adds a drone that shoots lasers.
Pop-Up Sentry - Spawns gatling sentry near commando.
Artillery Beacon - Marks nearby units for artillery strikes.

 - Structures - 
Gunstore - Chance to add an automatic gun to the commands right shoulder, attacks grant ammunition.
Rocket Warehouse - Chance to add an automatic rocket launcher to the commandos left shoulder that has a chance to fire on attack.
Ukelele Concert Stage - Chance for attacks to create arcs of electricity that attacks nearby enemies.
Artillery Station - Provides artillery for the artillery beacon.
Kenitic Armor - Attacks against the commando charge armor, when threshold is met shoot out a powerful beam attack.