 - INFANTRY -
Ray Trooper - Basic small gray men (SGM) infantry carrying raygun pistols that does gun damage. * 
Ion Trooper - SGM carrying a personal ion cannon that does cannon damage. * 
Psychic Trooper - Lankier gray men, totally not sectoids, that can take control of enemy infantry.
Shield Trooper - SGM carrying shield projectors, and can project shields on allies.
Acid Trooper - SGM carrying acid launcher, fires arcing shots that deal Acid damage over time.
	Leaves a blob of acid on the floor that does acid damage to units moving over it.
	Acid damage is similar to grenade damage, but does less to infantry and more to armor.
Giantoid - Large, bulky infantry with a lot of health and loaded with weapons.
Arachnic - Tanky melee unit that slashes at enemies with AP gun damage.

 - VEHICLES - 
Hoverscouter - Small hovering vehicle with a tri-barreled raygun that fires in quick bursts. * REMODEL THIS SUCKER
	Variants with anti-light and anti-air available as well. *
Millitank - Slow tank with a fast light cannon, can be upgraded to a twin cannons. *
	Variant with anti-heavy plasma cannon available as well. *
Warwalker - Six-legged walker with procedural animation, and three heavy cannons.
Tripod - Tall three-legged walker with arms that shoot rays and shit. Should be tall enough for AA to be able to hit.
Probe - Light vehicle that places itself somewhat behind the frontline, and allows buildings to be placed near it.
Protector - Medium vehicle that deploys a shield on the frontline that protects other units.

 - AIRCRAFT -
Gravity Jet - A2A aircraft that fires rapid plasma at enemy aircraft, cannot hit ground. Basically space battle thing ship * 
//Nano Swarm - Amorphous swarm of nanomachines, until it mimics the form and function of an enemy unit.
Hovership - Hovering gunship with twin rapid fire particle guns.
Warp Droid - Hovering "transport" ship that spawns infantry units underneath it. (I swear these guys are not just protoss)
UFO - Round ship with multiple light rayguns and fusion beam that fires directly downwards. High health, decent speed, but only really effective once it's directly above something. *
Assault Carrier - Medium-sized carrier-type aircraft that spawns smaller jets that attack everything in sight. *
Void Destroyer - Large siege aircraft that fires beams of void energy from a distance doing energy damage.
Invigorator - Small drone-like craft that sprays units with a restoration spray.

 - DEFENCE -
Proton Launcher - Fires orbs of photons at enemy forces, dealing cannon damage. *
Disruptor Drive - Rapidly fires homing orbs at aircraft. *
Acid Sprayer - Fires a spray of acid doing cannon damage over time. Similar to a flamethrower. *
Shield Battery - Projects individual shields on all structures within range.
Insanity Engine - Targets an enemy unit and drives them insane, causing them to switch sides. Heavier units takes longer to convert.
Rocket Array - Launches small homing plasma missiles that intercept enemy projectiles.

 - STRUCTURES -
Plasma Artillery - Remodel of current plasma artilery lol.
Shrimp Habitat - Small chance to add a small plasma rocket launcher to infantry units.
Particle Enrichment Facility - Chance to increase amount of barrels on some units.
Void Portal - Chance to equip Assault Carriers and Void Destroyers with void storm generators, that attack nearby enemies with lightning strikes.
Hyperwave Relay - Chance for UFOs, Tripods to spawn with a set of minion that defend it.
Clone Tube - When any infantry unit is produced, have a small chance of producing a duplicate.
Pylon - Increases productivity of nearby factory units. ("You must construct additional pylons.")
Dimensional Door - Chance to equip Watcher units with a helmet that grants additional armor.